today I'll be opening a machine monster
mation it comes with one nation and one
color for free on game item the MA the
Masters you can get our eggy TD quack
octo rocky Hansel and Purdy so that's
what the back looks like i did already
open up a little so I wouldn't have to
take breaks during the video i will be
giving away a free code at the end so
let's get started our first mation is
Hansel purdy ecto DJ quack another DJ
quack so and while i was in this store i
was excited so I opened one and so I got
a DJ quack and I will be trading these I
will be trading for Eddie and rocky so
if you like any of these I will be
trading them just not pretty cause she's
kind of really so give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it oh and i
forgot about the code so that's the code
so this video a thumbs up if you liked
it and comment and please subscribe bye